README.md, before:

# Fused Components

Fused Components is a component library created by [@adamwebster](https://twitter.com/adamwebster). The purpose of this component library was for me to create a library of reusable components that I will use for current and future projects that I am developing. To see some examples of these components in use visit https://examples.adamwebster.me/.

## Core values of Fused Components

- Each component should be accessible as possible including support for screen readers and keyboard controls
- The components should be easy to use and understand.

## Installing Fused Components

To install the Fused Component library run one of the following commands.

`yarn add @adamwebster/fused-components`
**OR**
`npm install @adamwebster/fused-components`

## Usage

To import a component use the following as an example:

`import { Button } from '@adamwebster/fused-components`

You can see some examples of the components at https://design.adamwebster.me.

## Running the Storybook

To run the storybook clone the repository https://github.com/adamwebster/fused-components and run one of the following commands after installing the dependencies.

`yarn storybook`
**OR**
`npm run storybook`

## Contributing

Right now there is no request for direct contributors but if you have an issue on would like to suggest idea feel free to leave some feedback on the github page or [tweet me](https://twitter.com/adamwebster).

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the [MIT license](https://github.com/adamwebster/fused-components/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Updated the read me file

README.md, after:

# Fused Components

Fused Components is a component library created by [@adamwebster](https://twitter.com/adamwebster). The purpose of this component library was for me to create a library of reusable components that I will use for current and future projects that I am developing. To see some examples of these components in use visit https://examples.adamwebster.me/.

## Core values of Fused Components

- Each component should be accessible as possible including support for screen readers and keyboard controls
- The components should be easy to use and understand.

## Installing Fused Components

To install the Fused Component library run one of the following commands.

`yarn add @adamwebster/fused-components`
**OR**
`npm install @adamwebster/fused-components`

## Usage

To import a component use the following as an example:

`import { Button } from '@adamwebster/fused-components`

You can see some examples of the components at https://design.adamwebster.me.

## Running the Storybook

To run the storybook clone the repository https://github.com/adamwebster/fused-components and run one of the following commands after installing the dependencies.

`yarn storybook`
**OR**
`npm run storybook`

## Changelog

To view a list of changes for each release visit the [github release page](https://github.com/adamwebster/fused-components/releases). It will be updated with release notes for each release.

## Contributing

Right now there is no request for direct contributors but if you have an issue on would like to suggest idea feel free to leave some feedback on the github page or [tweet me](https://twitter.com/adamwebster).

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the [MIT license](https://github.com/adamwebster/fused-components/blob/master/LICENSE).
